Notes From the Second Class OF Namaste React.

1. Bundlers :- We can say that a bundler is a tool which allows developers to package their code into a single 
               file/bundle which is production-ready loadable in the browser.This bundle can be used to run the 
               application in the browser.They are also used to reduce the size of the code and improve the 
               performance of the application. Example are (Parcel , Webpack , Vite).

2. NPM : -  npm is a a package manager.to install npm we do npm init and if you want to skip the starting part we 
            can do npm init -y.Once we do this we will get a package.json files with the starting details.

3. Parcel :- Paecel is a bundler.It can be installed with npm install -D parcel.-D here means dev dependency means 
             we only need parcel in our developer machine developing the application not in the production mode.  
             Parcel uses lot of things to optimize our app.

4.Dependencies :- Dependencies is basically the packages on which our project/Application is dependent upon.

5. DevDependencies :- So basically there are some dependencies which are required at the time of development of the 
                     code/Project by the developer only and not when the  project is on production.So such 
                     dependencies which requires at the time of development is called as devDependencies.

6. Package.json file :- We can say that it contains the metadata about our project.Info like name , author , version, 
                        liscense.Also stors the dependencies required ,Scripts required to run the project.
                        It stores versions with the help of tilde(~) and caret(^).So it does not provided a 
                        way to lock the exact version of the dependencies. There was a risk that different developers 
                        and machines would use different version of same project which will lead to isues and 
                        unexpectd behaviour.

7. Package.lock.json :- package-lock.json is a file that is automatically generated by npm when a package is installed. 
                        It records the exact version of every installed dependency, including its sub-dependencies and 
                        their versions.It contains a detailed list of all the packages, their dependencies,
                        their specific version numbers, and locations (usually mentioned in the package.json file). 
                        Very Important file.Never put it on git ignore should be pushed to git so that someone other 
                        using can get the exact version .It is maintaing everything from the node modules.

8. Caret(^) and Tilde(~) :- 1.2.3 so here first from left is Major Version , then it is Minor Version and last is Patch.
                            So ^1.2.3 in dependencies means it will automatically update the latest Minor Version 
                            along with patches.Means it can update from 1.2.3 to 2.0.0 Automatically.
                            
                            ~1.2.3 in dependencies means it will automatically update the latest patches without 
                             changing Major and Minor Version. It can go from 1.2.3 to 1.2.9.


9. Node Modules :- Node Modules is kind of database for npm.Whenever we install something it gets installed in the 
                   nodemodules. No need to push node modules folder to git. And we can regenerate the node modules 
                  from the pacakage.lock.json.

10. npx :- npx basically means to execute the npm.like npx parcel index.html it means npx will execute the parcel 
           with entry point index.html.

11. Hot Module Reloading(HMR) :- Once we install react and react-dom and if we make any changes to it then it automatically
                                 changes in the output screen.It is done by HMR.Parcel will keep check of all the files.

12. File Watcher Algorithm :- Parcel uses this algotithm to keep check on the files and if anything has been changed in it
                               it reflects changes with HRM.

13. .Parcel-cache :- It is folder in this it stores the information about the project when build by parcel.
                     so that when it rebuilds, it doesn't have to re-parse and re-analyze everything from scratch.
                     It's a key reason why parcel can be so fast in development mode.We should put this folder in our
                     gitignore.Because anything which we can generate on server we will put it in gitignore.

14. Dist Folder :- Dist is a folder which keeps the files minified for us. When we do npx parcel index.html.It creates
                   a faster developemnt version of our project and servers to the server.All the production files are 
                   placed in dist folder.                               
                    